refactor(module): update module (#19)
nuxt-community/separate-env-module: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/nuxt-community/separate-env-module.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/nuxt-community/separate-env-module)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/nuxt-community/separate-env-module/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/nuxt-community/separate-env-module)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/nuxt-community/separate-env-module/status.svg?style=flat-square)](https://david-dm.org/nuxt-community/separate-env-module)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://standardjs.com)

>
[![npm version][npm-version-src]][npm-version-href]
[![npm downloads][npm-downloads-src]][npm-downloads-href]
[![Circle CI][circle-ci-src]][circle-ci-href]
[![Codecov][codecov-src]][codecov-href]
[![Dependencies][david-dm-src]][david-dm-href]
[![Standard JS][standard-js-src]][standard-js-href]

[📖 **Release Notes**](./CHANGELOG.md)

## Features
> Separated environment variables for `server` and `client` build

* Separated environment variables for `server` and `client` build

> * Thoroughly tested!

Reviewer: Missing info here

Author: This is more above, as a descriptive of the module
https://github.com/nuxt-community/separate-env-module/pull/19/files/13e31d7579a0b52ada2dc11383f641ca771fd985#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R10

> 1. Add `@nuxtjs/separate-env` dependency with `yarn` or `npm` into your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the `@nuxtjs/separate-env` dependency with `yarn` or `npm` to your project
```

> 2. Add `@nuxtjs/separate-env` to `modules` section of `nuxt.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add `@nuxtjs/separate-env` to the `modules` section of `nuxt.config.js`:
```
